New domain for African tropics with updated packages (#1)
mpaiao/TraitAllom_Workflow: TraitTradeOffs.Rmd

```

This flag defines whether to exclude observations from traits that show high light plasticity but were not collected from sunny leaves.

> --> the variable plastic_sun_only is being set to FALSE, indicating that observations from traits showing high light plasticity should not be excluded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If  `plastic_sun_only = TRUE`, then traits showing high light plasticity should be kept only when data came from sunny leaves (with a few exceptions, like shrubs in closed-canopy forests). If  `plastic_sun_only = FALSE`, all trait measurements are kept, regardless of the light conditions.
```
